# DLT OpenAPI Source Generator Demos

In this repository, you will find sample pipelines generated by dlt's open API source generator. This is a demonstration to showcase how these pipelines work and how you can utilize them in your own projects.

## About

To learn more about dlt-init-openapi, an OpenAPI Source Generator for the dlt Python Library, please visit the official [dlt-init-openapi](https://github.com/dlt-hub/dlt-init-openapi) repo.

## Pipeline Documentation

Each pipeline folder contains its own `README.md` file that provides detailed information about the specific pipeline. These documents are intended to help you understand the functionality and setup of each pipeline.

## OpenAPI Specs

To get a list of OpenAPI specifications that are used in this repository, please visit the [dlt-hub/openapi-specs](https://github.com/dlt-hub/openapi-specs/) repository.

## Running the Pipelines

To run these pipelines, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the desired pipeline folder using the `cd` command:
    ```sh
    cd path/to/pipeline-folder
    ```

2. Ensure that any required API keys are added to the `secrets.toml` file located in the `.dlt` folder. This file is necessary for accessing certain APIs.

3. Execute the `..._pipeline.py` file in your CLI. Example:
    ```sh
    python game_of_thrones_pipeline.py
    ```

That's it! You should now be able to run the pipelines and see the results. 

In case you run into any unfriendly errors or confusions, feel free and welcome to join our slack [community](https://dlthub.com/community) and ask away!

For any additional help or information, refer to the individual pipeline documentation files or the [dlt-init-openapi](https://github.com/dlt-hub/dlt-init-openapi) page!
